BOWDLER 13/7/82, Binary Mode 3.
-------------------------------

(Notes from T.J. Froggatt)

I wrote new flowcharts for BOWDLER in the Java sea in 1974 and
coded them up in 1976: the 1982 version only has minor changes.

Relative to the version in the ACD library:

The initial 903/920/ISO commands which determine the codes are
now optional and are ignored. The steering tape and tape to be
edited must both start with newlines (and can be in different
codes). The steering tape is read into store at 8. The tape to
be edited is read in at 9 for 903/ASCII/TeleType output and at
14 for 920/BS/FlexoWriter output. Continue after haltcode at 10.

Blanks Erases & CR are now ignored everywhere. (So the terminator
sequence "^%," can no longer be inserted by putting an erase
in it: INS ^erase%,^%, but can still be inserted partwise, e.g.
INS ^^%, INS %,^%,). Commands INB SPE DBL DCR PBL PBR are ignored.

The letters of the command mnemonics may be in either case.
To assist in editing tapes with lower-case letters using a
steering tape made on a TTY without lower-case, new commands
CAM for Cases Matched & (default) CAD for Cases Distinguished
set a flag that controls matching (but do not alter the case
of original or inserted text).

New "Identifier" commands CII CIE DII DIE RTI are provided,
which are the same as "String" commands CSI CSE DSI DSE RTS,
except for requiring the matched string not to have a letter
or digit on either side of them in the tape being edited.
This enables short identifiers to be replaced globally
without accidentally changing parts of longer identifiers.

New "Haltcode" commands CHI CHE DHI DHE RTH are provided,
which simplify the merging of tapes (CHE on all but the last).
COP is retained (which cancels all REP groups, then CHI).

To ensure that repeditive groups can operate even on lines
refered to by the main editing commands, the editing state
is not advanced quite as fast as might be expected. So e.g.
two adjacent "CLI 'begin'" commands will find the SAME line.

Minor operational differences w.r.t. the A.C.D. manual:
The tape being edited is only buffered line-at-a-time
rather than in big chunks described in the earlier version.
This makes more space available for the steering tape.
The instruction count is now not output, but can be obtained by
triggering at 11, and no erases are output at the end of editing.

Normal practice would be to read in BOWDLER, then the steering
tape, then the tape to be edited, then REPEAT everything, then
load BINCOP and compare the two outputs before separating them.

Entry Points
------------

  8.  Read Steering Tape. Errors in 920 Telecode.
  13. Read Steering Tape. Errors in 900 Telecode.
  9.  Read and Edit Main Tape.
  10. Read & Edit Main Tape. Continue after Wait.
  11. Output Instruction Count.

Error Messages
--------------

A; <H> in REP.
B: Not All REPs Cancelled.
C: <H> in Comment.
D: <H> in Command.
E: Unrecognized Command.
F: More than 120 Characters in Line.
G: Telecode Commands not at Start.
H: Nested REP.
I: CAN inside REP.
J: COP inside REP.
K: END outside REP.
L: Empty REP.
M: First Instruction in REP not Copy.
N: REP Does Not Advance.
O: REP or CAN Label Error.
P: CAN Label Not Declared or Cancelled.
Q: REP Label Active in Other REP.
R: More than 32 REPs Active.
S: Spurious Character in Command.
T: String Expected.
U: More Than 3 Characters in Escape Sequence.
V: Spurious Character After ^%.
W: <H> Encountered While Matching.
X: Command Buffer Full.
